I would say Stockhausen is the closest
to wit hip-hop you know in its true form
which Stockhausen was doing because that
just that whole idea of hey this is what
it is
and we can do something with this and
shape it and form it and translate it
into a form of expression
I'll do a transformer the transformer
combined to a crab scratch both
scratching and cutting the whole new new
whole new kind of tech techniques new
operations applied to sound what he did
was they made vinyl they kind of
activated and switched it on before that
all people did was put the vinyl on the
record and listen to it fondly the
turntable obviously became a musical
instrument and its own right and only
that but vinyl became a kind of a useful
archive became something they could use
to build a new sonic composition of your
own different kind of scratches make
different sounds like that one and the
naked penguin scratch mm-hmm the lips on
the back of the bear scratch like the
stuff we do we don't even have a name
for it I get it we don't wouldn't call
it turntable jazzers scratch hip-hop I
don't even know what would you call it
turntable Express jazz yeah whatever
turntable music mm-hmm yeah well no not
really because if you play a song on it
like if you play it take my song on it
that's still turntable music - yeah
that's true yeah something I don't know
maybe I call you AZ yeah
you're in the passenger seat you'd wear
this this side to avoid the Sun and if
you're driving
you'd probably wear this side because
the steering wheels on the left side of
the car if you're eloquent at your style
on two turntables with all these effects
in it - you could you know the sky's the
limit you can do dub reggae tricks you
could do you know rap tricks you could
do all types of different things